Update co2signal.markdown (#18552)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/co2signal.markdown

The "free" API key is limited to a limited number of calls. Too many requests can result in data loss.
</div>

> ## Setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites
```

> To set up this platform, get your [API key](https://www.co2signal.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure and use this integration, you need to obtain an [API key from CO2Signal](https://www.co2signal.com/).
```
